Docs - `plugin register` added to internals with difference in registering for prior versions noted (#9595)
hashicorp/vault: website/pages/docs/internals/plugins.mdx

information on the plugin catalog please see the [Plugin Catalog API
docs](/api/system/plugins-catalog).

> In current versions of Vault - plugin submission resemble:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of plugin registration in current versions of Vault:
```

```shell-session
$ vault plugin register -sha256=<SHA256 Hex value of the plugin binary> \
    secret \                  # type
    myplugin-database-plugin

Success! Registered plugin: myplugin-database-plugin
```

Vault versions prior to v0.10.4 lacked the `vault plugin` operator and the 

> registeration step for them are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registration step for them is:
```
